you said you loved me I was your first
character I remember when you first
submitted a picture of me on the
internet you were so happy when you got
a compliment on me granted there weren't
many you weren't a popular artist but
that was all right cuz every one or two
positive comments motivated you to draw
more I remember when you made a second
character his design wasn't exactly the
most original like a lamb edit my own
design but you were happy with his
design and seeing you happy made me
happy as well after some more positive
feedback he made another character she
was a little stereotypical a bit of a
mary sue if you will but no one seemed
to mind because you weren't bothering
anyone and you were happy home at it got
a little jealous when you paid attention
to the other two characters other than I
but I got over it quickly because I knew
I was your first I was number one I was
your favorite wasn't my dear creator you
said you loved me time passed you gain a
little more popularity you made more
characters but you still love me so a
little more popularity you got some hate
some hate on some of your older
characters like me but you still love to
be the people still hated you were hurt
I could tell but you still loved me more
time passed people told you to shake off
the haters there's our slow lives with
nothing better to do you said you were
fine but I knew a part of you wasn't but
you still love me but you drew me less
trim past you gained a few more bands
you happier you drew more me more
characters we started to draw them more
some others just faded away like your
third character haven't seen her in a
while have you dear creator but alas you
said you loved me I believed you even
though you haven't said it in a while I
still believed you more time passed more
popularly more characters more forgotten
ones when was the last time you drew me
hell when was the last time you thought
about me a week a month dare I say a
year I have lost track of time it's
lonely it without your attention I do
nothing but wait waiting for you to
think of me again I am after all your
creation you created me so I was in your
mind was there like all the others
you've created if you gave his attention
than we were happy because you said you
loved me but how could I be in your mind
when you never thought about me surely I
can stay if I was no longer subject
there well I'm not there anymore
I don't understand it either but I guess
you subconsciously kicked me out and I
faded away like that other one but then
again I didn't fade away because I'm
here now I don't really know where I am
well I don't really care life has lost
meaning for me this place kind of feels
familiar but then again it doesn't gives
me a sense of j mas vou but as I look
around the feeling turns to that of deja
vu but that doesn't surprise me because
I'm your creation I know a little bit
about you even if you didn't tell me
about it I don't know how I know but I
know that this is your house I guess
you're neglected kicked me out of your
mind so I'm in the real world know
there's something in my hand I haven't
thought about that in a while I look
down and remember it it's from the last
time you drew me countless weeks ago
feels like an eternity I remember it
though i was eating cake who pizza or
something it's not important but it was
a knife what a sharp one more like a
butter knife really but I kept it of
course I did it was a gift for my
Creator and my Creator was precious to
me you said you loved me I'm looking at
the knife now it looks kind of old but
that's okay anything can be a weapon if
you try hard enough I look around there
doesn't seem to be anyone home well not
in this room at least
so I walk forward a little trying to be
quiet I'm a fictional character excuse
me I was a fictional character and I
don't look exactly-- plausible for this
world your world my creators world I
don't manage to bump into anything
that's good even so none walked into the
room so I continue I see a door it's to
your room so I walk to it I open it I
can see you now at your computer like
usual can you see me probably not why
would you see me you haven't thought
about me in such a long time do your
Creator well it doesn't matter you
wouldn't notice me if I yield so I draw
closer I can see you have a drawing it's
set aside now because you're reading
something but this drawing is one of
your new characters did you tell you
them you love them so I drawl even
closer I'm right behind you now can you
see me can you feel my presence are you
finally thinking of me again of course
not I draw my arm back the one with the
knife I just want you to think of me
again you don't love me anymore dear
creator
have you ever actually love me your
Creator I prepare to swing there are
tears in my eyes I'm weeping silently
because I loved you and you told me you
loved me but you lied